anything will filter out was really that
bad because I just changed the fluid on
this 5,000 miles ago I did a whole flush
to the fluid filter pi wasn't run in
there for that long so I had a mess to
clean up the mess to clean up and
tighten up home I tried making both make
sure this dog was good you get torque
spec let me it's like 12 foot pounds
just be fine nothing you're entertaining
rusted shell cool buzz an input
stainless totally the causal bolt flange
connectors a stainless pipe Sting's kind
of like a word
come on man scratch it is falling apart
he's a joke doesn't like having snap on
parts of crashing points I guess let's
all will be doing it for a while I hate
working like this freaking Jax needs you
still lose him intellectually big fight
last ly pain was kind of loose as we can
I like two years ago it loosens up to
after a while you're going to go around
a couple thousand wild and reach of this
snug they always do to me anyway I don't
know why friends car happened to go to
little smug turn another one
missing screws ah magnetic off the warm
sauce bracket they're working on these
cars little turns on these yes it's
going to squish it a little bit you got
might be good tie rod ends did that mom
to go feed then I guess a good time
around
assuming in
so what get a good never said this 12
foot pounds all around play dramas look
awesome that's fun not really more
grease give me a ball doing still would
say when Mia this will area is recessed
i sent my millimeters apparently the
ball going to warn but those we still
get join checkups is on these cars she
really can we go home too well so that's
that well that seals stuff and I to
change that thing see it was fine screw
it or use it again do it next time it's
a special tool i want to buy it hook
stepping up well that's it for now you
get this pan finished fill it up